# SkyAHFlipper
Small discord bot meant for querying a game API and returning certain data. (Failed)


The idea was proposed to me by a friend. There are minecraft mods for use on the Hypixel server on their sub-game "Skyblock". These mods look at the items on the in-game auction house and determine their price based on the lowest price listed on the auction house and their item data, looking at things like enchantments, reforges, dungeon-stars, etc.. If the calculated price is higher than the item listing on the auction house it is considered a "flip" with the margin being the difference in the calculated price and the listing. The mods allow you to set a minimum margin for more profit and also to avoid fake flips, where the margin is so small that it could be accounted for by the natural price fluctuation.
These mods can be sketchy, there is a lot of information that the mods can gather from your minecraft client and can result in the loss of your account. My friend wanted me to make a discord bot that would DM him any flips that it found rather than using a minecraft mod connected to his profile.

The reason the bot failed is because of how dynamic prices are. I could not find a way to accurately calculate item prices the way he wanted. For example, the enchant "Smite" has 7 levels that each have different prices. Smite 7 is the highest level and thus worth the most. However, since smite is meant for killing undead monsters, it is worth significantly more on an item that is only used for killing undead monsters rather than a more general purpose weapon. Say a Smite 7 book goes for 1 million coins, on an Axe of the Shredded - an item meant solely for killing undead monsters - that 1 million coin smite enchantment adds 3 million to the overall price. That same smite 7 book, if added to a Livid Dagger - a weapon used for all types of monsters, would be completely worthless and add no value. The book might even LOWER the value of the Livid Dagger.
